# CS255-SNHU

  This repository contains my produced work for the final project of the CS255 course, System Analysis and Design. The prompt for coursework thorughout the semester involved a client company, DriverPass, who wanted to provide a hybrid e-learning and in-person driving school experience to users. DriverPass requested the following functionalities of a completed system for them to be accepting of the final product. A customer would register, either online or over the phone via a secretary, and choose a package offered by DriverPass. This package would allow them access to materials included in said package, whether that be driving lessons or access to online studying materials. DriverPass insisted on the use of a cloud-based service provider to handle data storage and security. However, on the on-site side of the system, role base access was to be implemented for inter-company security. Alerts were to be generate to admins any time a change within the system was made, along with a time stamp and the user responsible for the change. This system was to be able to be accessed via any major web browser, as well as allow admins to download resources for work offline.
  
  In my opinion, I felt my diagrams for use cases came out very well. Rather than try to fit every actor on one diagram for the sake of time and a smaller work load, I chose to separate these actors to allow me to go into each of their use cases in much greater detail than I feel could be achieved using only one diagram. This course stressed the necessity of great detail in the planning phase of any system, so to perform in any way aside from heavily detailed and meticulous seemed to be a disservice not just to my grade, but to my learning experience. I believe, as a beginner, I excelled in this regard. If I could choose a part of this project to revise, I would revise my activity diagram, my sequence diagram, and perhaps the section on functional and nonfunctional requirements. While I don't believe I yet posess the greater knowledge I will gain in future courses to properly revise these sections to be more suitable for a professional environemnt, I am certain as I progress through my degree and build upon this courses' material I would be much more comfortable with determining these functionalities and classifying them, as well as developing better sequence and activity diagrams. Practice makes perfect , after all. 
  
  In terms of my approach to designing software, it has become clear that proper communication with the client, in great detail, is the best first step to success. The gathering of user's needs, wants, and frustrations with existing, like services is crucial to delivering a system that will satisfy them. This should be done in as great detail as possible through initial meetings with a client, surveys, and observations of users participating in the system the one being designed is going to replace. Throughout these processes, meticulously detailed notes must be taken to document every step taken. If you are not able to communicate to your team and, more importantly, your client why and how a system should unction through the use of collected, detailed data, the success of that system design is already threatened. 
